chore(design-tokens): add colorTextDestructive tokens (#3424)
twilio-labs/paste: .changeset/real-buses-pay.md

---
'@twilio-paste/button': patch
'@twilio-paste/core': patch
'@twilio-paste/menu': patch
---

> - [Button] Update destructive Buttons except destructive link Buttons to use colorTextDestructive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Button] Update `variant="destructive"` Buttons to use the new `colorTextDestructive` token
```

> - [Button] Update destructive Button style tests

Reviewer: suggestion: delete

- [Menu] Update destructive Menu items to use colorTextDestructive

> - [Menu] Add style tests for default and destructive Menu items

Reviewer: Unless it's the exact same changelog message for multiple packages, we should split these up into a `menu + core` changeset and a `button + core` changeset individually.

Reviewer: We don't mention tests in changelogs normally since it isn't valuable for users to know in relation to version bumps, since tests dont cause version bumps.
